Would It Be Ok ?

Would it be ok if I took some of your time ?
Would it be ok if I wrote you a rhyme ?

Would it be ok if I opened my heart ?
Would it be ok if I took on the part

Of being your man and showed you a view,
One that only a real man could do ?

Would it be ok if I could make you smile ?
Would it be ok if I held you awhile ?

Would it be ok if I kissed your face ?
Would it be ok if I were to replace

All the men in your past that just wouldn't do
And vow to be faithful and always be true ?

Would it be alright to look in your eyes ?
Would it be alright to never tell lies ?

Would it be alright to find a way ?
Would it be alright to long for the day

To pull you close and whisper in your ear
And tell you our feelings are nothing to fear ?

Would it be ok if I took some of your time ?
Would it be ok if I wrote you a rhyme ?

To tell you there's nothing I'd rather do
Than spend my whole life loving only you

For Her

Your lips so soft and red .
The thought of kissing you is stuck in my head .        
Your beauty so bright and warm, 
shinning through the darkest storm .
Your eyes sparkle like stars in the night sky .
When I stare into them I feel like I am soaring high .
My love for you is pure and true .
I never stop thinking of you .
The sound of your voice saying, "I love you," makes my heart pound, 
because I know my one and only I've truly found .
I promise to love you for every moment of forever, 
and when everything else crumbles, I will never .
I am your armor to protect you from harm, 
like you are to me, a lucky charm .
For you are my heart, my soul .
Baby, you are my whole world . 

A Toast To Forever
You're the one I can't live without
This fact is true, I have no doubt
I love the way you smile at me
I love the way together we're free
You may be strange and slightly loony
But all this means nothing to me
Because you are who you are
And I can see your beauty
Inside and out
Which is what threw me

When everyday I see you
Till then I cannot wait
To know what we will go through
Are in the hands of fate
The first time that I saw you
I knew I must steal your heart
I hope that it's mine for ever
And that we never do part

You are the one I love the most
And to this here fact I propose a toast;
May we grow old and still have fun
Because I love you and my heart you've won

My Angel, My Girlfriend

Some people believe there is a one, 
The one who points your way to the sun .
A person they believe makes them complete,
The one who will support when facing defeat .

You are my angel, my one and only,
My forever love, so we'll never be lonely .
You've brought to my life all your love and care .
It made me see when I realized how rare
It is to meet your angel, or their lifetime one,
Through you and my children, whose life has begun .

What you've done, you've illuminated my soul .
It's you and your love that has made me whole .
The feel of your love, your soft touch and caress,
We're tight, so close; your heart beats in my chest .

All that we have always felt missing before .
Though I love you today, tomorrow it will be more .
Our love is life; we are the strongest tree,
Which will always grow forever, like you and me .

You have opened my heart and held it so dear .
You are my angel and will always keep it near .
You have seen my ups and cared when I was low .
You are my angel; I just need you to know .

You entered my life through a ray of sun above, 
And when we leave, we will leave together in love .
My love for you has become my reason to be .
I hope one day you'll find your angel in me .


